README.md, before:

# 📽️ Speaker Keynotes 👨‍🏫
[![emoji-log](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/ahmadawais/stuff@ca978741836412b5e33ce8561f5f95c933177067/emoji-log/flat.svg)](https://github.com/ahmadawais/Emoji-Log/)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/kumar_abhirup.svg?style=social&label=@kumar_abhirup)](https://twitter.com/kumar_abhirup/)

Howdy! I am [Kumar Abhirup](https://kumar.now.sh) (@kumar_abhirup)... I keep all my Speaker Keynotes in this GitHub repository for you all to access... 👌

## Keynotes

> Every folder in the repository contains a copy of a Keynote file, PDF file, and a PDF file with Speaker notes. A `README` is also provided in every folder linking to the content in slides and might also link to the talk video.

### WCKochi 2019: Headless WordPress with React

In the keynote, I tell about how one can use WordPress backend with React projects.

## About Me

Twitter 👉 [![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/kumar_abhirup.svg?style=social&label=@kumar_abhirup)](https://twitter.com/kumar_abhirup/)

Website 👉 [kumar.now.sh](https://kumar.now.sh)

Commit message:

🚀 RELEASE: WPCouchCon 2020: React Hooks Explained

README.md, after:

# 📽️ Speaker Keynotes 👨‍🏫

[![emoji-log](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/ahmadawais/stuff@ca978741836412b5e33ce8561f5f95c933177067/emoji-log/flat.svg)](https://github.com/ahmadawais/Emoji-Log/)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/kumar_abhirup.svg?style=social&label=@kumar_abhirup)](https://twitter.com/kumar_abhirup/)

Howdy! I am [Kumar Abhirup](https://kumar.now.sh) (@kumar_abhirup)... I keep all my Speaker Keynotes in this GitHub repository for you all to access... 👌

## Keynotes

> Every folder in the repository contains a copy of a Keynote file, PDF file, and a PDF file with Speaker notes. A `README` is also provided in every folder linking to the content in slides and might also link to the talk video.

### WCKochi 2019: Headless WordPress with React

In the keynote, I tell about how one can use WordPress backend with React projects.

### WPCouchCon 2020: React Hooks, explained

In the keynote, I tell about React Hooks and why they are better than the Class Components. I also do live coding session. :)

## About Me

Twitter 👉 [![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/kumar_abhirup.svg?style=social&label=@kumar_abhirup)](https://twitter.com/kumar_abhirup/)

Website 👉 [kumar.now.sh](https://kumar.now.sh)
